Lie more.
How can you do this?
You've tried to hurt me five times.
Do you dare to question me?
When am I looking for someone to hurt you?
Still not admitting it, are you?
Then don't blame me for being unkind.
Please see the big screen.
What does Miss Lin need me to do?
When you went out to get money to tell your brother the truth.
I gave you the opportunity to destroy him.
When buying tickets
My whole life is complete.
What a cruel woman.
Telegram news.
It's all fake.
Is the video of the free police actually coming to check?
Wait for you to find someone to return it to me, and Fang Ming will make it difficult for me at the company many times.
Let my father deal with him and send me in the direction of cooperation.
Destroy this room of mine.
It's cruel.
It's insulting to him.